[Enterprise-4.9]BZ2075111: Add a new section (#45581)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

Nodes installed with the `coreos-installer` program previously retained the installation Ignition config in the `/boot/ignition/config.ign` file. Starting with the {product-title} 4.9 installation image, that file is removed when the node is provisioned. This change does not affect clusters that were installed on previous {product-title} versions because they still use an older bootimage.

[id="ocp-4-9-rhcos-rhel-8-4-packages"]
==== {op-system} now uses {op-system-base} 8.4

> {op-system} now uses {op-system-base-full} 8.4 packages in {product-title} 4.7.24 and above. This enables you to have the latest fixes, features, and enhancements, such as NetworkManager features, as well as the latest hardware support and driver updates. {product-title} 4.6 is an Extended Update Support (EUS) release that will continue to use {op-system-base} 8.2 EUS packages for the entirety of its lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{op-system} now uses {op-system-base-full} 8.4 packages in {product-title} 4.9. These packages provide you the fixes, features, and enhancements, such as NetworkManager features, as well as the latest hardware support and driver updates. {product-title} 4.6 is an Extended Update Support (EUS) release that will continue to use {op-system-base} 8.2 EUS packages for the entirety of its lifecycle.
```
